Three more in here.
You three.
This one.
Please. please.
Our home. it's already crowded.
There's 15.000 of us.
I'm glad you only got three.
Maybe crowded ain't so bad.
Mind yourself.
You don't like it going cop to Lord
Ormond.
See what good it does you.
It is only regarding the lodging
situation. my lord.
You are unhappy with your lodging.
Lord Footeley?
It is only that we are very fond of our
ancestral home.
You are sleeping in our bedchamber.
You bent the knee to the pretender
Rhaenyra Targaryen. did you not.
Lady Footeley?
We did.
And mayhaps I should remind you that the
voyage of treason is death.
We do not seek conflict. my lord.
Tumbleton has no battlements.
Our people know only trade.
We never thought to see war.
So you swore to her out of fear?
We swore because she is the queen.
Is she?
Or is she a bitch with a dragon?
My purpose is to restore the rightful line
to the Iron Throne.
It follows from that that I must be well
rested.
It follows from that that I must have
acceptable lodgings.
I will ensure that my men remain on their
best behavior whilst in your town.
Provided. of course. that you remain on
yours.
See them out.
Don't.
When dealing with those beneath you.
you must be fair but firm.
Yes. sir.
By Prince.
By Lord.
A raven from Storm's End carrying more
excuses from Lord Boris Baratheon.
That lack would seal the marriage pact
between Prince Heymund and one of his
horse-faced daughters.
And yet. where is he now?
Send another raven that he can understand.
One may have with drawings rather than
letters.
What word from Harrenhal?
If Vhagar does not come. our defenses will
not hold.
Do not be disheartened. Darren.
Your brother will join us soon.
Why seize Tumbleton?
It's no stronghold.
It's a market town.
Its lord is meek.
Its walls are poorly defended.
Hightower may as well paint a rondel on
his chest.
Why?
Does he mean to somehow win their support?
He dares me to rain fire down on a seat
that raised my banner.
And the realm would name me Maegor
returned.
They'd rise up against me.
And the same gods who delivered me to the
throne would rightly cast me down.
If I may.
Your grace. Prince Daemon's river host
marches on King's Landing.
Tumbleton is not much further.
If his men were to go there instead...
Hmm.
It would not be bloodless.
But it would be far more merciful than
sending dragons.
We march on the town and root out the
Hightowers house to house.
It's a good scheme.
Send orders to Lord Tully.
All while...
For as long as you remain loyal and
useful. you may take your place at my
council and retain the title of Grand
Maester.
The castle's ravens remain your charge.
but the Lady Messiah is to be kept
informed of the comings and goings.
Ah!
Relics.
Of a dead regime.
It will take the rivermen weeks to reach
Tumbleton.
Let us send a dragon to keep vigil.
A woman may have the town under siege.
but he shall not leave except I remove
him.
In the meantime. we have urgent matters at
home.
We have secured some small store of oil
for the market. but...
Where is the hand?
Gods. this council's thin.
Name a master of coin.
The people who soon discover are lacking
resources.
They can blame him.
Investigate Ser Torrin Manderley.
He's intrigued me.
If he's fit. let the gold be his concern
as well as Daemon's.
Mine shall be Ormund Hightower.
I know him as well as you.
I doubt that.
Viserys warded your son to him.
I've never met the man.
I knew him very little.
A long time ago.
After my father took me to court.
I rarely saw Old Town.
Tell me what you do know.
He sees himself as a scholar.
He studies the histories.
He collects tapestries.
Writes ballads.
Despises the ignorant and uncouth.
When we were young. Gwaine thought him
cruel. but...
Gwaine thought that of many.
How is he with Derham?
Fatherly. I'm told.
Derham's only a babe when he took him to
ward.
Did it pay new to have to send your child
away?
It's my choice.
Why?
I bore Viserys three Targaryens.
But with the last. my last. I wanted him
to be a Hightower.
In truth. I'm glad I waged that battle.
seeing now what came of our other sons.
Perhaps sending Derham away was my truest
act of motherhood.
Though I do not know now what fate that
choice has consigned him.
You know I would have spared him.
He has a sensitivity to odours.
Ormond.
A very strong one.
My Lord Hand.
The Queen has requested your presence of
her small council.
I'm her hand.
Not her mouth.
Leave the talking to those who relish it.
Shall I return with this message?
That you refuse the Queen?
Rather that I serve more effectively.
Her strength lies in dragons now.
She has less need of a man of the sea.
But my son shall attend her in my stead.
You certainly look the part.
I am not a creature of the court.
I don't know what I'm doing.
There is great opportunity for you there.
I cannot give you legitimacy.
But I can give you the chance to better
yourself.
Anger is not something that could be ended
with a blade.
My Lord.
I'm here.
It's a penny to touch the dragon.
Nothing's free in these woods.
You can sit the saddle for a half-grove.
Touch will suffice.
Thank you.
You seek shelter.
Which way do Rooks rest?
He's got both hands on him.
Just two touches.
What's wrong with your leg?
You can kill a man of the faith.
For a few pennies if you wish.
Though I doubt the gods would look kindly
upon it.
You don't look like a septon.
He's alive.
I know it.
He must be.
I'm here.
What's he saying?
I know you're alive.
We must hurry no longer.
The danger is great.
I am very sorry.
But you must accept what is before you.
You wanted to see him.
You've seen him.
He's dead.
No.
Will you stay and rot with him?
Will you get up?
And live?
Are you lost?
Where is the castellan?
Slain.
He who succeeds him then?
And the one who succeeds him as well.
And who are you?
A steward of a sort.
It's the best you can do at the moment.
This is the hand of the king.
We seek the Prince Aemond.
As I'm sure do many.
He was meant to meet us here.
If you know where he is. I'd advise you to
be forthcoming.
Hm.
He was here.
He seized the castle after Prince Daemon
abandoned it.
But when he learned that Rhaenyra took
King's Landing. he and his dragon fled.
When Rhaenyra took King's Landing?
Oh. my.
Oh. you didn't know.
You've scoured the area. my Lord Hand.
There is sign of a large dragon nest that
has been abandoned.
Prince Aemond may indeed have fled.
King's Landing has fallen.
Aegon is dead.
Our queens are both in chains.
And we are here. alone. with a meager army
and no dragon.
We have the enemy just where we want them.
Aemond would not desert me.
And yet he's not here.
Is he?
Let us send a raven to Tumbleton.
Alert my cousin of this news. and our
intent to join our strength to his.
Ormond is a stiff-necked windbag.
but he's neither craven nor stupid.
He will have some canny plot of foot.
No.
The game is played. Ser Criston.
and it is lost.
What possible profit is there in pursuing
it?
You know. Balilk. conceived this all a
great game. don't you?
To win. to lose. or go home to a feather
bed.
Ah.
I was a foot soldier.
Did you know that?
Steward's son.
All my father had was at the pleasure of
Lord Dondarrion when his favour failed or
we had melted away.
My father died of sorrow.
There is no home for one like me.
Not while Rhaenyra sits the throne.
Our task is simple.
Keep the river scum from reaching King's
Landing.
Give Ormond time to swell his ranks.
Their army is ten times our size.
Twenty.
But let us attack it.
As the scorpion does the ox.
Let us become Wraiths.
With fear as our standard. strike from the
quiet and the darkness.
Our fight will not be clean. but it will
be pure.
We'll be man to man.
And it will be free from dragons.
Ser Edgar!
We will delay them at most.
Not change their course.
Perhaps not.
But it is as you said. Sergwayne.
We must cling to our honour.
Lest we become beasts ourselves.
Who goes there?
Alan. of Hull.
I'll see him.
Come.
Your Grace.
Lord Corlys has ridden out by the Dragon
Gate to hunt the Triarchy raiders that
plague our trade.
He has able men who could lead that
campaign.
While his queen struggles to restore a
broken kingdom.
Your Grace. if I may.
My Lord Father has lost much and found
himself thwarted.
A fight is perhaps what he needs.
No.
My father's life's work.
A recreation of the seat of Old Valyria.
A reminder to him. I think. that.
um...
Even great-dynasties fall.
That the crown should never rest easy on
his head.
There were those who whispered that my
father was weak.
But. um...
Seeing through his eyes. I can only marvel
at how he kept it all in balance for so
long.
Fathers have a maddening capacity to.
at once. inspire and incense.
Don't you think?
Gods. they are incessant!
And thanks to Aegon. all the Ratcatchers
are dead.
On board ship. we kept cuts.
Steal yourself.
You must guard our intent. whilst I
quietly...
investigate hiring a ship.
This is Cole's Garrison.
They are allegiance to me.
This is no Garrison.
You must presume these men hold allegiance
only to themselves.
We cannot tell you how long.
Day. friend.
We seek food and shelter.
As many have gathered. we are the
dispossessed of the war.
You river folk!
I fucking hate river folk.
We hail from Sharpe Point.
We are the dispossessed of the land.
Prince Eamon burned it to the ground.
With his...
How did you get out?
We nearly didn't.
As you can see.
Well...
We're too many.
Fuck off.
I have some coin.
You can earn a tent.
If you're ready to work.
Have you got a trade?
I have some knowledge of herbs.
And. er...
I can read.
A little.
Maybe you'll be useful.
I have the command around here.
Oh. then much is clear.
My lord.
Tangle Tongue works the latrines.
Collects piss for the tanners.
Shit for the farmers.
This one can help him.
Separate buckets.
Mix it up.
They won't pay.
I...
Won't touch the fucking latrines.
Just do as I say. Gregor.
I can read just as well as he can.
Tangle Tongue and Mangle Face!
You'll be good together.
It's not bad once you're used to it.
brother.
Come on.
Fuck off!
I think we'll have a nice time here.
lads.
You'll make Barry tonight.
You'll be better than Honey Hope.
Wait.
I need to inspect the goods.
Go if I just summarize me.
Take your hands off of her!
Get off of her!
Get her out!
Sir Hugh Hammer. your grace.
Sir Hugh. I assure you. when there is news
of a house. you will be sent for.
I understand that Sir Ulf is to be sent to
Tumbleton.
He is.
If it pleases your grace. I offer to take
the watch on Vermithor.
Your wife is at Tumbleton. is she not?
Sir Ulf has no stake in the matter.
Send me. because I do.
I will not tire of watching when one I
love is below.
Take it in turn between you.
Keep watch on the town and on each other.
You may take the first post.
See that Ulf is alerted to the plan.
Your grace.
What's it say?
Queen of bastards.
Hightower loyalists. trying to fight a war
they lost.
He has returned!
More god than man.
Hey. will you honor your friends with a
round of drinks. my lord?
The price keeps rising and you can't keep
up.
Tell them. for everyone.
Hear that?
Drinks!
For everyone!
That one broke my...
The attack of the system.
What is this?
You said your men were honorable.
This one has sinned.
I was billeted at the smithy. my lord.
But the smith.
He didn't like it.
Mayhaps he resents the imposition.
Or mayhaps he is loyal to Rhaenyra.
But he struck me.
My lord.
If it please you. we bear you no ill will.
But this man...
...went to ravish my sister...
...and then broke my wife's arm when she
tried to stop him.
She is a weaver.
We need what little she earns.
Is this true?
No. my lord.
Liar!
Look at this woman's arm!
She attacked me!
Is there no safety in her arms?
She called me a cunt!
I will have calm!
What is your name?
Garrick. my lord.
Of Whitegrove.
Garrick of Whitegrove.
You have violated guest right.
You have debauched yourself upon a
woman...
...and injured another.
Your punishment will fit your crime.
You will be gelded.
And...
...you will have your own arm broken.
You may remain in my service...
...but trespass again...
...and you will hang.
My lord!
I have a wife!
No!
See them home.
Have a maester tend to their wounds.
We must keep a firm grip.
Tensions are high.
Lawlessness and disorder claw at our gate.
Yes. sir.
I wish to see all correspondence between
the Red Keep and Ormond Hightower since my
father's death.
Your grace.
How much control do the Hightowers exert
over the Faith?
Well. they endowed the building of the
Starry Sept.
And Oldtown was their seat for.
well. centuries before the Conquest.
The Seven are as intrinsic to the
Hightower fabric as. well. dragons are to
House Targaryen.
But control?
I think not.
The Faith is too proud to allow such
influence.
The High Septon has refused to anoint me.
The Faith clings tightly to its separate
powers.
If I may be so bold to ask. your grace.
does it matter?
Your grace hits the throne.
Your people have welcomed you back as a
liberator.
Your dragons rule the skies.
Are these not symbols of power enough?
Perhaps I could remove him.
The Monarch has ever had some influence in
the naming of the High Septon.
But to remove him altogether would surely
incite the Faith. and therefore the
Faithful.
Unless you were considering a more
permanent removal.
I never thought you were so bloodthirsty
or well.
Rather impressed.
Alas. no.
Bring Ormond's letters once you have
collated them.
There's been no word from Prince Daemon on
his progress.
None as yet. Your Grace.
I thought never to see you in the Vale
again. Prince Daemon.
What after the tragic death of your first
wife.
And yet I receive raven after raven from
my bannermen. informing me of your
progress throughout my domain.
Hmm.
Time heals even the deepest of wounds.
I am most delighted to return.
my lady.
And who could ever fail to be charmed by
your... warmth?
But I mustn't tarry.
You promised the crown men in return for a
dragon.
You had your dragon. yet we have no men.
I should send babes.
Prince Joffrey's dragon was years away
from being large enough to defend the
Vale.
And Rhaenyra took even that away.
A less forbearing person might have seen
the crown's offering as an insult.
A pledge is a pledge.
It was my understanding that the war was
won. my prince.
What need does she have of more soldiers?
In truth...
I have not come for men. I've come for
gold.
Huh.
So your coffers are empty.
Oh. the work of Hightower treachery.
But perhaps a generous offering of coin
would demonstrate your...
...fealty to the crown.
Prince Daemon Targaryen. standing in my
high hall.
A beggar with a tin cup.
Hm.
I never thought I'd live to see such a
sight.
A gift of gold would offer you the benefit
of my speedy departure.
Very well.
Which one?
Well because of.
Hey.
Why?
Why are you waiting for those?
There are these two trên walls that we
have to stand out.
Wren.
Lakiri?
Lakiri!
What have you done to yourself?
How?
I fed him sheep.
Rhaenyra believes this dragon and his
rider are the reason.
Jace is dead.
I wanted only to help.
No.
To show her.
To show you.
I... I never intended...
Does she suffer?
From breaking me. dearie!
Jade Arryn knows you are here.
You were meant to accompany my sons to
Pentos.
They are well attended.
They will be saved.
You swore to be their guardian.
And do what?
Teach them to be ladies of the realm.
I would be of no use there.
Just as I was of no use here.
If you go now.
To where you are meant to be.
Rhaenyra need not know.
We will find a ship.
Leave the dragon behind.
I will not save him.
He is not like the others. Rhaenyra.
He is wild.
He cannot be trusted.
He is mine.
He is a part of me.
I have been alone all my life.
The Targaryen without a dragon.
Disregarded or...
Or worse.
Pitied.
Can you yourself say you ever gave me more
than a passing thought?
Rhaenyra the unfortunate.
Rhaenyra the least among your children.
Come back with me then to King's Landing.
No.
We will...
Speak to her together.
We will tell her it was a mistake.
How can I ever stand before her again
after what I have done?
No. I can never return.
I will remain here.
Alone and in exile.
That is my penance.
She will hunt you down.
Is hunting now.
Let them grieve me.
And think me lost to sea.
Unless you betray me.
You ask me to deceive her.
That is betrayal.
I have asked you nothing. father.
In all my life.
I ask this one thing of you now.
Rhaenyra.
Rhaenyra!
A raven just arrived from Harrenor.
my lord.
The best night out seal.
You.
You don't.
My prince.
Use this raven!
Cunt!
Your Uncle Gwain has sent word.
It seems your brother Eamond will not be
joining us.
After all.
Is...
Gwain coming to Tumbleton?
We must alter our scheme.
Sir Otto wrote diligently to Ormond.
Nought was returned.
Are you sure there's been no error?
Nothing.
What am I to make of this?
I suppose only that Lord Ormond ruled
Oldtown as a kingdom unto itself.
Hmm.
Sir Off-White is still without.
Your Grace.
Oh. er...
Come.
Your Grace.
I'm honoured to be in your service.
And to have sworn my life to your cause.
Yes. I'm sure.
What is it then?
I wondered whether. as Your Grace's humble
servant. I might petition for your
favours.
Speak them.
For a man named Mudger. a small holding
outside Rosby. an exemption from taxes.
thanking Your Grace.
And for a fellow named Clay. a pardon for
various small crimes.
We don't have to go into that.
And passage to Leeds.
These favours are not in your name?
No.
No. Your Grace.
Therefore. allies.
From a tavern I frequented.
Frequented previously.
A tavern?
And if an agent of the High Towers knifes
you in your belly as you fill it with ale?
No. it's not that sort of place.
Besides...
It's my belly.
Oh. but it's not.
No. you belong now to the Crown.
Should something before you. or your
belly. I suffer the loss of a dragon.
and the unity of the realm is threatened.
No. you shall frequent taverns no longer.
What?
Well. I'm afraid you will have to find
your... your beer within the walls of the
Red Keep.
Where you will remain.
Except when you are escorted to the dragon
pit for duty at Tumbleton.
If that is all. you may go.
They protest you.
You know.
Out there.
In the city.
I've seen vile words painted on walls.
They say...
Queen of Bastards.
The work. I am sure. of some of your
misguided subjects who mistakenly believe
their queen to be unkind.
Your Grace.
Can you send word to Sir Luther?
Have his gold cloaks.
Look for any seditious markings on the
streets of this city.
Remove them.
And find those responsible.
I bring them to you. Your Grace.
Just make it cease.
Please.
There's a Bravossi cog sailing from
Duskendale in a few days.
Think I could find his fresh horses?
I'm the fucking king.
If they knew I'd walk among them.
Shh. shh. shh.
Even though you'd be believed.
Rhaenyra sits at the throne.
And you have no dragon.
She did us a favor by declaring you dead.
I'm dead?
Slain by your brother Aemond.
Is that what they say?
Hmm.
Fucking kill her.
Fucking kill her this time.
In time.
Shh. shh.
There's much to be learned from the
chatter in this camp.
Anonymity is a boom for us.
It will ensure that your eventual...
Resurrection...
...becomes the stuff of song and legend.
Have something to eat?
None left for us.
Happens sometimes. but...
We'll...
We'll get some tomorrow.
Tomorrow.
I cannot stand for this.
Outrage.
Is this how you rule?
Running out of food?
Answer me!
Sit down.
Before I'll make you.
Who do you think you're talking to?
I'll have your fucking tongue.
you insolent ape.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Please.
And I'll gut you.
Like a fish.
Cunt.
That's...
That's not be hasty.
On your knees.
If you wanna live.
Kiss my feet.
I'll take it back.
Or die.
I don't care which.
But you will call me...
My lord.
Janos.
You as well.
The inquisitions were thorough.
We should be assured that wherever they
might be. the crowns holders are no longer
in...
I bring justice.
I bring vengeance.
I also bring gold.
What is this?
The one who rode sheep stealer.
Along...
With ten thousand golden dragons from Lady
Jane Aron.
Anything from her bannermen in the Vale?
We still await some response from the
Great Houses.
And the Iron Bank has not answered our
request for a loan.
Would you please explain who that is?
Sir Torrin.
Manderley.
My prince.
The new master of coin.
What little there is to be a master of.
Well. I'll wager you think you're clever.
don't you. Manderley?
Well...
You should know.
I'm the clever one round here.
Say no one.
What small quantity of gold Daemon has
found must go to ease the deprivations of
the smithfolk.
The city watch is stretched far too thin.
Our soldiers need to be paid and more
recruited besides. else there will be
bedlam.
Your Grace.
Bedlam is assured if the people feel the
crown ignores their anguish.
Has anyone considered a tax?
Clear the room.
What is this?
The Queen's justice.
Who is he?
And how did he come to claim a wild
dragon?
Was he alone?
Or is...
Is he allied to Aemond?
Or to Ormond?
I decide the very same answers.
but a dragon is not a precise instrument.
What of Sheepstealer?
Fled.
Riderless.
It is an act of madness to claim a wild
dragon.
We are not like to see it again.
I wanted...
to see him.
to look on the one who killed my son.
To punish him yourself.
But do you think that would end your
grief?
I have served your interest.
The gold you brought will provide arms for
the small folk.
The City Watch trusts you.
You will entreat them to be patient.
The Crown will honour its dead.
A little longer.
I suppose...
I should thank you.
When what you've wrought comes falling
down about her ears. she'll return to her
senses.
Whose head is that?
I have dispatched good men to see your
father's remains delivered to Old Town.
Viserys would have wished it.
Helena.
Blare the streets!
Observe the dirt. go!
Oh God!
Blare the streets!
Who are they?
To be home or house?
Who meet up here?
You tell me right now.
Who did this?
Shut up!
We tried to stain these walls!
Stand these walls!
Scrub!
Is
he confessed?
Not yet.
I haven't done anything!
Please!
Please. no!
Patience. my girl.
It won't be long before we can fly again.
I have warned you against indulging in
affection for that beast.
Forget it.
I know.
You are a good boy.
You speak kindly. and you say your
prayers.
I have raised you in the light of the
Seven. and the Father smiles upon you.
But there is a taint in your blood.
The Targaryens are a savage race.
Poor in intellect. but rich in cunning.
With dark spells. they created
abominations to subdue what was rightly
ours.
We are the superior men.
But against that. we could not stand.
The gods have put you to divine purpose.
my boy.
What purpose. sire?
The Brutes raise a woman to the Iron
Throne.
A desecration.
Where is reason?
Where is propriety?
It was a blessing that you came toward in
Old Town.
Your brothers lost. but you remain a
Hightower.
Raised in the shadow of the citadel.
in the light of the starry set.
Now. you must be king.
You would not wish. surely. for me to turn
cloak against my brothers.
You will restore our ancient order.
Victory will be ours.
It is the will of the gods.
I thought you let him go.
A righteous king must demonstrate he
upholds many virtues.
Honor. wisdom. justice.
He only acted when our man attacked a
woman.
He laid hands on a Hightower.
That soldier is an extension of you.
of the crown.
Justice must be done.
Is not mercy a kingly virtue?
That sounds like something your father was
saying.
I'm sorry.
I have risked much and more to raise you
up.
Surely you do not wish to disappoint me.
Mike. please.
Please.
No. please.
I beg.
I have a family.
Lord. I have a family.
I am sorry.
And now. we begin.